<<<<<<< TREE
loadLocationTestData, True
test_locationEmpty, False
test_addL0Location, False
test_removeL0Location, False
test_locationNoParent, False
test_locationL0, False
test_locationInL0, False
test_locationL1, False
test_locationInL1, False
test_locationL2, False
test_locationInL2, False
test_locationL3, False
test_locationInL3, False
test_locationL4, False
test_locationInL4, False
test_updateLocationInL4NewInL3, False
test_locationSelectSpecific, False
test_locationSearch, False
removeShelterTestData, False
removeLocationTestData, True
=======
loadLocationTestData, True
test_locationEmpty, False
test_addL0Location, False
test_removeL0Location, False
test_locationNoParent, False
test_locationL0, False
test_locationInL0, False
test_locationL1, False
test_locationInL1, False
test_locationL2, False
test_locationInL2, False
test_locationL3, False
test_locationInL3, False
test_locationL4, False
test_locationInL4, False
test_updateLocationInL4NewInL3, False
test_locationSelectSpecific, False
test_locationSearch, False
removeShelterTestData, False
removeLocationTestData, False
>>>>>>> MERGE-SOURCE
